Update README.md (#31)
ivokub/tailscale-qpkg: README.md

4. Go to Tailscale package directory by using the path you got above: `cd /share/CE_CACHEDEV1_DATA/.qpkg/Tailscale`
5. Authorize your client: `./tailscale -socket var/run/tailscale/tailscaled.sock up`

> Update to new version
> ------------
> To update the QNAP when a new tailscale releases exists:
> 1. Run step 3 and then do cd tailscale-qpkg/ to enter the cloned git directory
> 2. Run `git pull https://github.com/ivokub/tailscale-qpkg.git`
> 3. Do step 6-9 in "How-To Build in Windows" again
> 4. Then login to QNAP gui and Manually install Tailscale package in QNAP App Center again, this will overwrite the old version and maintaining settings.
> 5. Done!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating
--------

When Tailscale package is already installed, then it is sufficient to install only a new version of Tailscale package in QNAP App Center. The service will restart automatically and use current configuration.

To build new package manually, rerun the commands for corresponding target (UNIX or Windows) in the updated repository.

```
